Is this woman?
Mr. Chen. I remember it said in the book,
Sheng Yunqi stole the show at this industry meeting,
Gained recognition from Shengshi senior executives.
No, I can't let her shake my clear position,
I have to give her some trouble.
This is not a damn good honey,
Want to ask for aunt? Then Sheng Yunqi must be quite close.
This is a gathering of senior executives of Shengshi Group,
What are you doing here? I am Sheng Yunlan’s wife,
I attended a gathering of Shengshi Group,
Just married a loser
Yunqi is still taking himself seriously.
Soldiers and sisters
Is there some misunderstanding about me?
Why does she always treat me like this?
How did we meet?
You asked me to apologize to her
you should bite me
This is Saint Yunqi
Sorry, why do you smell so bad?
It was my fault just now
That's right
Figure out my own identity: am I big or small?